Fix documentation (#174)
membraneframework/membrane_rtc_engine: guides/simulcast.md

  webrtc_extensions: [Rid, Mid, TWCC],
  simulcast_config: %SimulcastConfig{
    enabled: true,
    initial_target_variant: fn _track_ -> :medium end
  }
}
```

> Here we turn simulcast on and choose medium variant as target for each track
> that is going to be forwarded to the browser.
> Target variant means that it will be choosen whenever it is active.
> If for some reason medium variant is inactive we will temporarily forward some other variant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we turn simulcast on and choose `:medium` variant as a target for each track
that is going to be forwarded to the browser.
Target variant means that it will be chosen whenever it is active.
If for some reason `:medium` variant is inactive we will temporarily forward some other variant.
```
